# GasnGo
Intended use of the system:
A rental service is a service in which customers arrive to request the hire of a rental unit. It is more convenient than carrying the cost of owning and maintaining the unit. A car rental or car hire agency is a company that rents automobiles for a short period of time for a fee whether in a few hours or a few days or week. It is an extended form of a rental shop, often organized with numerous local branches (which allow a user to return a vehicle to a different location), and primarily located near airports or busy city areas and often complemented by a website allowing online reservations.
Car rental agencies primarily serve people who have a car that is temporarily out of reach or out of service, for example travelers who are out of town or owners of damaged or destroyed vehicles who are awaiting repair or insurance compensation. Because of the variety of sizes of their vehicles, car rental agencies may also serve the self- moving industry needs, by renting RVs or trucks, and in certain markets other types of vehicles such as motorbikes may also be offered.
Overall functionality:
A web application where users can rent a car by uploading their driver’s license when they need a car. In the application we make the user login into the system with a valid driver’s license and be able to book a vehicle according to his/her need. The login’s will be of two types: i.e., the admin and the user. The admin login will enable the admin to input the cars available for the users who can take them as rent if required. The user login will help the user to login to the system and gives the user the choice to choose a car to rent from the cars that were made available by the admin. Admin can manage the car rentals, booking IDs and approve the reservation and monitor bookings whereas, the users will not have any access to the system related information other than the option to check the availability of the vehicles that can be rented. The system is a user-friendly interface which allows users to book and track the cars. If a vehicle is not available, the system sends a notification to the user whenever the vehicle is available. The system provides security to the users using their login functionality.
